welcome back my friends to the show that
never ends we're so glad you could
attend come inside come inside then Jana
Blas has a real blade of grass be
careful as you pass move along move
along
hello Hana anybody think you could draw
a little more attention from any
monsters lurking around here KITT where
is everyone don't know you're the first
one I've seen great I think that portal
must have scattered us all over the area
wherever we are oh you think so genius
well on the bright side I doubt it can
get worse like oh my god there you are
I knew I totally heard some voices
nearby I'm dieter of you know or the
nearest mall is I could totally go for a
stop at the Orange Julius you had to say
it dude why is it every time we go
through one of those we hear the theme
from Doctor Who that happen to you too
yeah it's weird
dude turn your hair black - really it's
about time where's everyone else they
aren't here we were the last ones
through oh great drew must have cast a
spell so we'd be scattered all over the
place if we followed him see I fucking
call it dude shut up
now that everyone is assembled it's time
to move on to the final stage of my flat
not for me it isn't you can have this
damn necklace as soon as you give me my
money now I'm going to find the nearest
town there's a hooker with my name on
her and the first tavern I find unless
you'd rather tag along and ride my plus
six sort of penetration rora more like
cursed three interruptive syphilis no
thanks
if I want the nagging irritation I'll
just ask James about religion really
wait let me grab my handbook that was
sarcasm you idiot very well then Eric
here it's all there you can count it if
you want nah not even you would cheat a
guy who's been trapped in a sword for 30
years with James's company yeah those
are some great times here at last one
more piece and this one will finally bow
to the balloon of death wing what sorry
I thought things were just getting a
little too serious so I remembered when
things get really tense a great way to
loosen things up is by talking about
stuff you like and so you decided to say
kittens right in the middle of my sister
triumphant laugh exactly God's I hate
you like no way you seriously can't find
a road like how are we gonna find a mall
out here in the middle of nowhere if we
can't even find a road finding a mall
really isn't on my list of priorities
step II really cuz like um I would have
thought you'd want to you know upgrade
that outfit of yours excuse me well I
mean like I'm sure it's like the best
you humans can afford right now but it's
a bit um yesterday's dominatrix you and
flame both need something that doesn't
look like it came off the half-price
rack excuse me
don't worry I'll like totally buy you
both some awesome new clothes to replace
those rags
gee thanks oh you're totally welcome I'm
like always happy to help out women who
are you know less fortunate than me and
stuff my how noble I know I'm like
really awesome and I like so totally
knew you guys would see that we are
gonna be like such good friends so like
let's go look for the road and talk
about our hair you know we could just
kill her and leave her body out here
where no one can find it don't tempt me
dude all I'm saying is it looked like he
pulled the attack out of his ass it
wasn't out of his ass you're forgetting
the standard plot structure for the
genre oh now you want to argue plot
structure can I never said I didn't but
the sudden deus ex machina attack is a
standard in both the manga and anime of
the genre well did you find any roads or
landmarks huh oh we didn't really even
look what what the hell have you two
been doing the last hour well we got
discussing various mangas from shounen
jump but it kind of spiraled out into an
argument about the whole shown in genre
never mind
god you two are useless okay if you do
think you can manage to follow me let's
go we need to find the others quickly
geez what's his problem
I don't know that Hawkwind isn't dealing
with this sort of bullshit I can't
believe you had parachutes who are you
Lupin the third well I figured after
Ehlers knocked me off a cliff a while
ago that they might come in handy at
some point oh yeah I almost forgot about
that
think we'll find the others down there
doubt it de Rim obviously set up a trap
to scatter us randomly when we use the
portal that seems a bit cliche if you
ask me
so what now do we try and go after the
rim with just the three of us I don't
think we have much of a choice great so
it's the three of us against a black
dragon and his minions well on the
bright side I doubt it can get much
worse
freeze Alliance scum you just had to say
it didn't you